DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We might just have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
RAZENOID: Aaarrrrggggghhhh!
MAG MEL: Curse you!
RAZENOID: The gate is finally mine!
At last, I am whole!
RAZENOID: [mighty roar]
MAG MEL: Now all that is left is for me to get the key!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: True Colours
MAG MEL: Soon Razenoid will awaken...
and his catharsis will be complete.
Which leaves just one thing...
MAG MEL: I need Dan Kuso's key, so that I may become whole.
SELLON: We will do whatever it takes...
so that your destiny may be realized, Sire.
MAG MEL: [evil chuckle] Very well, then.
Off with the both of you!
MAG MEL: Bring back what is mine!
SELLON: As you wish, Master. We do this all in your honour.
ANUBIAS: Sellon might be focused on looking good...
for Master Mag Mel, but I won't let her get in my way...
of taking down Kuso once and for all.
NURZAK: Thanks to all of you peace has finally returned...
to Gundalia. We owe you a debt of gratitude,
one that we can never repay.
Thank-you kindly Battle Brawlers.
FABIA: Once again you've shown us that by working together
we can conquer anything at all.
DAN: Well, Spectra lent a hand as well.
MARUCHO: That's true.
SHUN: But the fight still isn't over.
RAFE: Uh huh, you said it, Shun.
DAN: For sure. We've gotta find Mag Mel.
MARUCHO: Huh? It's an emergency transmission
from Bakugan Interspace.
COMPUTER VOICE: Terminal System Error,
Terminal System Error.
PAIGE: That doesn't sound good.
SHUN: How much do you want to bet Mag Mel's responsible?
DRAGO: We'd better go check it out, then.
DAN: Yes.
NURZAK: If you need any help from Gundalia,
please do not hesitate to ask at all Brawlers.
FABIA: And the same goes for Neathia too.
DAN: Hmm. Ready? Let's go!
FABIA: Safe travels, Battle Brawlers.
MARUCHO: Here we go.
MARUCHO and DAN: Arrrrggggghhh!
ALL: Whoooooaaaa!
DAN: That one really hurt.
PAIGE: What the heck just happened, huh?
MARUCHO: I'm not sure. I've never had anything happen...
like that during teleporting before.
SHUN: Hey guys, look!
MARUCHO, RAFE and PAIGE: Hmmmm?
ALL: [gasp]
NOAH and BEN: [panting, exertion reax]
ROBIN: They're everywhere!
NOAH: I don't think I can keep going!
BEN: Toughen up you big baby! Do you think...
Anubias would just give up like that?
BEN: Huh? [grunt]
ROBIN: Ben, wait!
BEN: No time to argue! You guys go find the boss!
NOAH: But Ben!
BEN: Ha, Don't worry about me, kid!
I'll run a little interference and then...
catch up with you later!
Hey lunkhead! Over here!
BEN: Let's see if you're as slow as you are ugly!
JACK: Check it out, is he crazy?
ROBIN: No, just brave. Come on!
NOAH: Yeah but...
ROBIN: You heard Ben, so quit arguing!
[laser blast]
[explosion]
BEN: Ooooomph! [grunt, pain reax]
BEN: [groan] As soon as the others...
get back with Anubias, you guys are toast!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Blazer!
[explosion]
BEN: Hmmm?
MARUCHO: That was a pretty bad hit. Are you okay, Ben?
BEN: The Battle Brawlers?
ALL: [panting, exertion reax]
BEN: They just saved my bacon.
JACK: [laughter] The big tough hero...
needed to be saved, huh!
BEN: Hey! Pipe down!
DAN: What the heck happened to this place?
DYLAN: You might say, the lunatics are running the asylum,
or is it ruining? [chuckle]
MARUCHO: Dylan! What are you talking about?
DYLAN: Well, you may have kicked Mag Mel out,
but that doesn't mean the Chaos Bakugan...
are going to start behaving, now does it.
KYOSUKE: Have you managed to find...
a way back into Bakugan Interspace yet?
KATO: Unfortunately, none of the access points...
are responding to our remote commands.
KYOSUKE: Marucho...
BEN: We gathered all the remaining battlers...
we could find in here.
MARUCHO: I don't understand why we can't...
transport ourselves out of here right now,
like we normally would.
I need to have a closer look at the system
to see if I can figure it out, okay?
RAFE: Got it. I'll come with you.
MARUCHO: Check it out. None of the access points are working.
RAFE: We can't even teleport back to Gundalia,
or Neathia either.
SHUN: So people can come in but they can't get out.
DAN: That makes zero sense.
DYLAN: Then maybe I can explain it for ya.
DYLAN: Gather 'round kiddies, 'cos it's story time.
DYLAN: Right after you guys took off,
everything seemed to be back to normal.
That's when the Chaos Bakugan reappeared
and things got ugly again.
DYLAN: They attacked everything and anyone in sight.
DYLAN: Several brave battlers stood up to them...
and fought but ultimately they were no match...
for their enemies' might. One by one they were all defeated,
and before you knew it the invaders were running riot,
and in the blink of an eye they reduced Bakugan Interspace...
to a pile of rubble.
DYLAN: And that's the story of what happened
while the Battle Brawlers were away.
MARUCHO: So that's why we can't use the access points...
to exit from the system.
DRAGO: The Chaos Bakugan destroyed too much...
of Interspace from the inside and messed up the framework.
DAN: I still say Mag Mel's behind this.
CHRIS: Whooooooooa!
DAN: Huh?
CHRIS: Ouchiiiiiiiiieeeee!
SOON: So is this...?
SHUN: I know you two you're with Sellon.
MARUCHO: Huh, Soon and Chris isn't it?
SOON: The...the Battle Brawlers?
CHRIS: How totally embarrassing.
NOAH: How long do you think we'll have to stay here guys?
DAN: Try not to sweat it, dude.
NOAH: Hmmm?
DAN: Marucho's the biggest brain I know.
He'll have us out of here real soon.
NOAH: [angry grunt] Now you're acting like a hero?
Where were you when we needed you most?
DAN: Gundalia.
NOAH: I guess that's right he was helping others.
MARUCHO: I think I may have found
a back door out of here, guys.
DAN: An old access point?
MARUCHO: It was created for maintenance purposes...
while developing the beta version, but once we had...
the official launch it was abandoned.
SHUN: Great work you guys.
MARUCHO: The credit should go to Kato. The only reason...
I spotted it was because he sent us a message through it.
DAN: Well okay, then. Let's hike on over to this...
access point, and get the heck out of this dump.
CHRIS: We're not even sure where Ms. Sellon is.
Maybe we should wait here until she comes to find us.
SOON: You want us to cower like mice?
CHRIS: [gasp]
SOON: Did you break your backbone in that fall?
SOON: We're going to face this challenge head on.
Just as Ms. Sellon would.
SOON: We'll go forth and blaze our own beautiful path.
BEN: Well fellas, I don't know about all that beautiful stuff,
but I don't wanna sit around either.
ROBIN: Yeah. Let's go.
JACK: Haha!
CHRIS: Maybe we should send a message to Ms. Sellon,
just in case she's stuck inside here too.
SOON: Good thinking, Chris.
CHRIS: Right! Leave no teammate behind!
SHUN: Okay, then...
DAN: Yup, No point standing around. So let's go.
DYLAN: Well, well this is interesting.
SELLON: Chris just sent me the coordinates where she...
and Soon are heading along with the Brawlers.
ANUBIAS: I'm coming for you Dan Kuso!
DAN: We gotta bust out of here before it's too late, Drago!
SHUN: Keep your eyes open for trouble, Taylean!
SHUN: It looks like the majority of them...
are clustered around the centre of Interspace.
So our safest bet is to approach...
from the East to avoid detection.
SHUN: It's not the most direct route,
but it's our best option.
DYLAN: Hey, hey, hey! Where's the fun in...
sneaking around, Brawlers?
DAN, MARUCHO and SHUN: Huh?
DYLAN: Since when are you afraid of a little danger?
MARUCHO: What are you smiling about, Dylan?
You may think this is just a big game but it isn't!
DYLAN: Hey, relax guys. I'm not trying to cause you grief.
DYLAN: I'm just doing my job here, okay?
DAN: Doing your job? What are you talking about, Dylan?
DYLAN: Well...
DAN: I've had enough of your riddles and nonsense!
It's time for answers! So you better spit some out, dude!
MARUCHO: Right now!
SHUN: Are you the one, who brought the Chaos Bakugan here?
DYLAN: And what if I was?
SHUN: Did you?
DYLAN: [chuckles] Calm down, pal.
I'm just saying what if?
DAN: Dylan!
DYLAN: I mean wouldn't that be the kind of challenge...
you've all been looking for after all?
DAN: What?
DYLAN: Sure! You've all been looking for more intense...
battle action. Why else would battle gear like...
the BakuNanos be so popular? They aren't created...
in a vacuum fellas. And that's where I come in.
Think of me as a genie in a bottle. I was created...
to make all your dreams come true.
SHUN, MARUCHO and DAN: [gasp]
DYLAN: Since the beginning of Bakugan Interspace,
you've all grown and matured as battlers...
so the system needed to evolve as well.
DYLAN: To keep up with your growing skill set...
it created a data bug so things wouldn't become predictable.
DYLAN: And that bug is me kiddies.
DAN: Seriously?
MARUCHO: So you're telling us that you're not human?
DYLAN: That's exactly right. I am nothing more...
than a jumble of data in a slick looking package,
created by Interspace to fulfill your deepest, darkest desires.
But when you think of it, since you're the ones who...
built Interspace, I guess I'm really your creation.
Which is kind of funny, because you humans...
have been so quick to blame all of the recent developments...
on Mag Mel, when the whole time you're the ones responsible.
DYLAN: How do you know you didn't...
create Mag Mel, huh Brawlers?
DAN: That's crazy talk, pal!
SHUN: Hmmm? It looks like they've found us.
DYLAN: Hey don't look at me, I didn't call them.
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan stand!
BakuNano Sonicannon, destroy!
DAN: As soon as we open up a path through the middle
everyone make a run for it! Got it?
SHUN: We'll keep the Chaos Bakugan occupied!
MARUCHO: Don't worry. You'll be safe. We've got your backs.
ALL: [gasp]
RAFE: Wolfurio and I will bring up the rear!
PAIGE: And Boulderon and I will be right beside them!
BEN: You heard 'em. Let's go!
DRAGO: Move it, people!
CHRIS: [screams] SOON: [gasp]
SHUN: BakuNano Hammermor, destroy!
MARUCHO: BakuNano Crosstriker, destroy!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaah!
TRISTAR: Oooooooh yeeeeeeah. Let's do this!
PAIGE: Here they come!
WOLFURIO: Haaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaah!
JACK: This isn't looking so good.
BEN: I wish we had some Bakugan.
ALL: [gasp]
SOON: We're surrounded!
PAIGE and RAFE: What, Oh no!
CHRIS: Ahhhhhh!
SOON: Be brave, Chris.
BEN: [angry grunt]
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
BEN: [gasp]
ANUBIAS: Tribal Crusher!
SOON and CHRIS: Mistress Sellon!
NOAH: It's Anubias!
BEN: I knew you'd show up, boss.
ANUBIAS: Stand back! Kuso is all mine!
SHUN, DAN and MARUCHO: [gasp]
CHRIS: What's happening here?
SELLON: You poor fools still don't understand.
DRAGO: I don't believe it.
DAN: They're on Mag Mel's side!
SELLON: It's true. We are artificial life forms...
created by Master Mag Mel to aid in his resurrection.
SELLON: But it's thanks to you, Battle Brawlers,
or should I say the energy you generated by battling,
that the master was able to speed along his rebirth...
by absorbing all that you produced.
DAN: Unbelievable, dude.
SHUN: So they've been using us from the very beginning!
SELLON: Now all that's left is to take that key of yours.
CHRIS: It just can't be!
SOON: Tell us it's not true, Mistress!
SELLON: Ability activate!
SELLON: Ancient Levity!
SOON and CHRIS: Why, Mistress Sellon?
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Slash Hyper Sword Storm!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaah!
SHUN: You'll pay for this you witch!
SELLON: [evil chuckle]
DAN: Drago! We gotta jump in there!
DRAGO: You got it!
ANUBIAS: Why waste your time...
protecting such pathetic insects?
NOAH: [gasp]
ANUBIAS: Let's fight, Kuso! Right now!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
MARUCHO: Alright are you ready, Tristar?
TRISTAR: Let's roll Marucho buddy!
TRISTAR: Hmmmmph!
MARUCHO: Rafe and Paige! We need you to take...
the battlers to a safe zone!
PAIGE: Yep you got it!
RAFE: Leave it to me, Marucho!
PAIGE: Don't you mean us, pal?
RAFE: Just relax, okay?
BEN: Man! I can't believe the boss is some creepy bad dude!
NOAH: Anubias...he called us a bunch of insects.
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Titanium Hummer!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Mangler Claw!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Double Up!
DRAGO: You're both going down!
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Nice one, buddy!
SELLON: But you've left yourself wide open, Dan.
SHUN: Not so fast!
SELLON: Shun, how I wished we had more time...
to get to know each other but alas it ends here.
SHUN: She's awfully clever!
SELLON: Now about that key...
DAN and MARUCHO: [gasp]
SHUN: Where do you think you're going?
SELLON: How did he escape three Bakugan?
SHUN: By using my Shadow Alter Ego ability!
SHUN: I've got your back, guys!
MARUCHO: We'll protect the key together!
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Deathmetal Army!
MARUCHO: He increased all their powers!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrrggggghhhh!
MARUCHO, DAN and SHUN: Aaaarrrrrggggghhhh!
SELLON: [grunt, exertion reax] What are you doing, Anubias?
We're supposed to be retrieving the key,
not blowing it away!
ANUBIAS: Just keep quiet!
Come Deezal, Rock Fist!
DAN: Mechtogan!
ANUBIAS: I'm coming for you, Kuso!
DRAGO: Oh no.
ANUBIAS: Hmmmph! Huh?!?
ANUBIAS: No way!
SELLON: Impossible!
DAN: Thanks guys!
RAFE: No problem. All the other battlers...
are safe and sound, so...
PAIGE: We thought we'd just come back and join in the fun!
ANUBIAS: I'll make you pay for that!
PAIGE: I'd just like to see you try, buddy!
Now! Let's go, Vexfist!
VEXFIST: Merely point the way, my lady...
and I will clear a path for you!
RAFE: Now it's our turn to play, Swift Sweep!
SWIFT SWEEP: With your guidance,
I will rid this place of all evil, ha!
ANUBIAS: Oh no! He's too fast!
ANUBIAS: It can't be!
PAIGE: Hit 'em again!
BOULDERON: I want in on this too, Paige!
PAIGE: Okay! Ability activate!
PAIGE: Burst Quench!
BOULDERON: [rising mighty roar]
[laser blast]
[explosion]
ANUBIAS: Rock Fist, nooooooo!
DAN: Come on, Drago!
Ability activate!
DAN: Revolutional!
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Hyper Stream!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaaah!
ANUBIAS: No way!
SELLON: Anubias! Your skills are pathetic!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SELLON: [gasp]
SHUN: Shadow Leaf Twin Dragon!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
SHUN: Shadow Leaf Field Grenade!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaah!
[string pluck]
SELLON: Enough of this!
SHUN: You're finished Sellon!
SELLON: Ability activate!
SELLON: Ammut!
SHUN: Kazami-style Slash Tornado!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
SELLON: [angry grunt] I mustn't fail Master Mag Mel!
SHUN: Keep pushing, Taylean!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Shooting Destruction Slash!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmmph!
SELLON: [scream]
ANUBIAS: Sellon! [frustrated grunt]
DAN: Nice one, Shun!
SHUN: Thanks, Dan.
MARUCHO: We should go find the others...
and head for the access point.
RAFE: Sounds good.
SELLON: Cursed Battle Brawlers.
They've gotten so much stronger!
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt]
DAN: This is the place?
MARUCHO: Yeah, look it's right over there...
DAN: What is it, buddy?
MARUCHO: The access point...
It's been damaged, and it isn't responding.
ALL: [gasp]
BOY BATTLER: So then, we're stuck inside here?
GIRL BATTLER: Does that mean we're here, forever?
SHUN: I'm sorry. It was my carelessness in battle...
that caused this. It was all my fault.
DAN: Just relax, buddy. It's going to be okay.
BEN: What the heck are we supposed to do now?
[rain drops]
DAN: It's raining?
MARUCHO: But the system isn't programmed to produce rain!
SHUN: After my battle against Sellon, it seemed like
I destroyed the last access point and our only hope
of escaping Bakugan Interspace. We were stuck inside
with a horde of Chaos Bakugan who were on a non-stop rampage.
And that's when things started to get even weirder.
Sellon showed up in bad shape and asked for
our help against Mag Mel! Can you believe it?
Dan seemed to believe her but I smelled another trap.
You've got to tune in to see how things played out.
For all of her talk of beauty and light, you won't believe
some of the dark secrets that Sellon has been hiding.
\u266a [MUSIC]